---
title: Access Blue Internship at IBM Japan
date: 2018-09-30
label: Development
image: /images/project_development.png
image_alt: A cat typing on a keyboard
featured:
---

I participated in a disability internship program hosted by IBM Japan from March to September 2018, during my third year of university.

I experienced a program similar to what IBM conducts for new graduate training. I also had opportunities to visit companies partnered with IBM.

From July to August, I worked with a team to develop a mutual aid app that helps people connect with those nearby. Due to various circumstances, we only implemented screen mockups. The concept was similar to [DNP's Mayii app](https://mayii.jp/).

During the final month, I worked as an OJT (On-the-Job Training) participant, studying abroad in an actual department to develop a Qiita-like information stock service aimed at accumulating internal knowledge. A distinctive feature was that users could fork (duplicate) articles written by others and add additional information.

## Technologies Used

For screen mockups, I hand-wrote HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Since I was the only one with coding experience, we prioritized completion and settled for screen mockups, though I somewhat regret not challenging ourselves to implement the full functionality.

When creating the OJT app, I used a combination of PHP and Node.js.

There was a Node.js framework called Loopback, which I used to create the backend REST API. This was deployed on IBM Cloud and operated as an API server.

I placed PHP on a separate web server, which communicated with the backend server and returned the processed results directly to users as HTML. For the editing screen, I can't remember exactly what it was, but I installed some MIT-licensed Markdown editor I found and used it for rendering.

## Related Sites

Since the 2018 version page no longer exists, I'll include the [2024 version](https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/ODQLEXEM).