---
lang: en
title: Invisible Gaming Lab Game Experience Event - July 2025
description: Implementation report of the game experience event held at IGL. This time, it was a digital game session.
date: 2025-07-27
image: '/images/animals_playing_with_cards.png'
image_alt: Illustration of boys having fun playing with handheld game consoles
tags: [event]
---

[IGL (Invisible Gaming Lab)](https://x.com/IGL_official_AC) has been hosting monthly game experience events since 2024. We borrow the venue from [Body Care Kitchen Luxen](https://luxen.jp/) located in Sangenjaya.

This time, we played with:
- [1-2-SWITCH](https://www.nintendo.com/jp/switch/aacca/index.html)
- Pokemon battles using [Pokéscreader for SV](https://takosavi.net/pokescreader-sv/)

This was the first time a Pokemon battle reading application appeared at our experience event.

This application was developed by mochi, a gaming friend of an IGL member. Using this application, it recognizes the battle screen of Pokemon Scarlet & Violet and reads out necessary information via TTS.

When playing competitive battles like Pokemon ranked matches without sight, there are several inconveniences: it's difficult to know the opponent's party in advance, when selecting your own Pokemon, you can't double-check and must trust your own operations, and the time limit becomes a bottleneck when operating carefully.

While many of these issues might not be problems for serious Pokemon players, there are unfair situations at a basic level, such as difficulty checking type effectiveness in real-time, trouble understanding effects from opponents' abilities and items, and difficulty keeping track of each other's moves.

Using the application, necessary battle information is read aloud in real-time, expanding strategic possibilities. In addition to automatic reading, you can also use keyboard shortcuts to individually check desired information.

For details, please refer to the page above. I think this is a revolutionary tool for people playing Pokemon SV while completely blind. IGL will continue planning experience corners using this tool.