---
title: Audio Game Center Selected for Excellence Award at CEDEC AWARDS 2025
description: The "Audio Game Center", which has been active as a member of the DDD project since 2017, was selected for the Excellence Award at CEDEC AWARDS 2025!
date: 2025-06-30
image: '/images/project_arcade_fighting.png'
image_alt: A person playing fighting games at an arcade
tags: [event]
---

> CEDEC AWARDS focuses on technologies that have made remarkable contributions to the advancement of computer entertainment development, books and web articles of similar quality related to game development, and information dissemination that has made high contributions to the industry. By honoring and recognizing the achievements of developers in terms of technology and information dissemination, we aim to promote and enlighten development technologies and foster industry development.

Quote source: [CEDEC AWARDS - CEDEC2025](https://cedec.cesa.or.jp/2025/event/awards/)

[Nomination List](https://cedec.cesa.or.jp/2025/event/awards/category_excellence/)

The [Audio Game Center](https://audiogame.center/), which was launched in 2017 as a DDD Project activity by volunteer members including myself, has continued events at Tokyo Game Show, Ginza Sony Park, CCBT and other venues for 9 years. Our activity record has been evaluated, and we were able to receive this wonderful award alongside major game manufacturers.

In the game industry, sound is often added last. It's something that's expected to be there, but would feel lacking if absent. That seems to be the common position it holds.

The original inspiration for Audio Game Center was "Sound is actually interesting, isn't it? We'd like to play with it more." Through various discussions, we came up with the idea that "it would be interesting to create a game center with only sound and no screens," and thus the "Audio Game Center" was born.

Recently, while treasuring our original concept, we continue to explore the possibilities and fun of sound by mixing in new aspects of community building and collaborative creation. Individual members design venues and works with their own particular focus points in addition to the basic concept.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the judges who selected us for nomination and the DDD Project members who help create the project together. Thank you, and we will continue our activities!